Where did the creature come from?
The hell is that thing?
Why did it attack?
Hey, with me! Advance together!
We may never have
the answers to these burning questions.
But one thing is certain.
If it wasn't
for the valiant actions of the Legends,
the devastation would have been far worse.
Buy beachfront property they said.
And I did.
And you're living in a rib cage.
While many fought bravely,
it was a heroic, new Legend
who led the charge.
People of the Outlands,
you have a new champion:
the hero of Harris Valley,
the one and only, Newcastle.
Checkmate!
Going for a ride.
The battle is far from over.
It's go time!
Busted a buster.
The Legends are already enjoying
a unique and challenging new environment.
But that's not all...
The mysterious IMC Armories
will reward daring adventurers
willing to brave the dangers within.
Target down.
Time to break some hearts.
Bringing the noise.
Walk it off, mate.
There's no telling
what threats lie ahead, Legends.
I'm a diamond man.
You won't crush me.
Whatever happens,
you'll need to protect each other,
and let no one fall.
Alright. Let's finish this!
Real heroes get back up.
Approved by Duardo Silva.
Paid for by the Syndicate.